we will see now as a step-by-step effect
the transformation of cooking oil in São Paulo and Kito
separate
three liters of used cooking oil
two liters of alcohol a half a kilo says
just lost
first step
dissolve the solder in a liter of cold water
mix well
in a large plastic bucket as leader
then put the big eye
and alcohol
mix well
finally put your life that was dissolved as now
stir for 10 minutes
second stage
put more than two and a half feet of cold water
this year for 10 minutes
the third step
put another three liters of cold water started for 10 minutes
letting the foam disappear on the extinct earth diva
If you want to put those seven years
still any stable
And then it's ready, São Paulo liquidated